
Zurich: home to Albert Einstein when he first started thinking about light
passing through warped spacetime, and so where better to have our first
workshop! The core of the Lens Zoo science team met up with some of the Galaxy
Zoo forum lens hunters at the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the
University of Zurich at the weekend, and we spent a couple of days thinking
through the problems that we'll face when trying to find thousands of
gravitational lenses over the next few years. 

We were on a limited budget, and knew we'd only have so much space, so we just
asked a  representative handful of the Galaxy Zoo forum members to join us. 
Despite the late notice, three of them jumped on planes and headed for
Switzerland. Meanwhile, more joined via a Google Hangout, pleased to be
projected four feet high on the wall! (Even the team from Chicago who got up
at 3am to participate by video managed to stay cheerful the whole time.)
They'll all be writing their own postcards from Zurich on here soon: we'll aim
for a series of posts on the outcome of the various sessions, and open up the
comments for you to join in too. 

So, what did we talk about all weekend? Among other things: how we should
display images, and how we can best enable their investigation, how to teach
new users about gravitational lensing, which features of the various
Zooniverse projects we could make use of, and what tools we have to help
advanced LensHunters to go the extra mile. For now, you can see the slides
that the science team made for some of the sessions in the links below. We've
got a bunch of problems to solve, but also some good ideas to get started
with!

Phil and the Lens Zoo team
